---
title: EHR Navigator Agent With MedGemma
emoji: 🩺
colorFrom: blue
colorTo: yellow
sdk: docker
pinned: false
app_port: 8080
license: apache-2.0
tags:
  - medgemma
  - healthcare
  - ehr
  - fhir
  - agent
  - google
---
> **Disclaimer** This demonstration is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent a finished or approved product. It is not representative of compliance to any regulations or standards for quality, safety or efficacy. Any real-world application would require additional development, training, and adaptation. The experience highlighted in this demo shows MedGemma's baseline capability for the displayed task and is intended to help developers and users explore possible applications and inspire further development.
This is not an officially supported Google product. This project is not eligible for the Google Open Source Software Vulnerability Rewards Program.

# EHR Navigator Agent

In a clinical setting, agents are crucial for navigating and utilizing vast Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, often stored in FHIR format. An agent can efficiently answer specific questions or perform tasks related to a patient by intelligently fetching the most relevant information from their potentially very large and complex record.

This demo showcases how an agent can use MedGemma’s comprehension of Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) standard to intelligently navigate patient's health records. The agent first identifies what information is available, then plans how to retrieve the relevant parts. It fetches data in steps, extracting key facts along the way, and finally combines all these facts to provide a complete answer. This is a simplified example to illustrate the process. All patient data in this demo is synthetic, generated by Synthea (github.com/synthetichealth/synthea). The data is accessible via [this FHIR store](https://console.cloud.google.com/healthcare/fhirviewer/us-central1/public/fhirStores/synthetic-patients/browse?project=hai-cd3-foundations).

### Caching
This demo is functional, and results are persistently cached to reduce environmental impact.

### Resources

*   This demo is available as a colab following the same logic here:
    [github.com/Google-Health/medgemma/tree/main/notebooks/ehr_navigator_agent.ipynb](https://github.com/Google-Health/medgemma/tree/main/notebooks/ehr_navigator_agent.ipynb)

*   The EHR FHIR data used in this demo is synthetic, generated by Synthea
    ([github.com/synthetichealth/synthea](https://github.com/synthetichealth/synthea)).
    The data is accessible via
    [this FHIR store](https://console.cloud.google.com/healthcare/fhirviewer/us-central1/public/fhirStores/synthetic-patients/browse?project=hai-cd3-foundations)
    or as a FHIR API endpoint at
    `https://healthcare.googleapis.com/v1/projects/hai-cd3-foundations/locations/us-central1/datasets/public/fhirStores/synthetic-patients/fhir`

*   See other HAI-DEF demos here: [HuggingFace Collection](https://huggingface.co/collections/google/hai-def-concept-apps-6837acfccce400abe6ec26c1)

### Contacts
This demo is part of Google's [Health AI Developer Foundations (HAI-DEF)](https://developers.google.com/health-ai-developer-foundations)

*   **Technical info:** Liron Yatziv [@lirony](https://huggingface.co/lirony)
*   **Press only:** press@google.com
